hey with a with my like my personal
email and basically just come on 360
no-scope market gardener where is a
century
what-what-what-what okay that's fit but
yeah that's totally fine thanks gaben
son-of-a-bitch
far out where is he
oh my god
jumped over it
my dog goes fucking mental oh my girl
that was insane
look at this fucking guy oh my god that
was pretty beautiful got me at jelly I
get it it's so awkward like I don't get
how people use it what the fuck is this
fuck we just gonna like it was nothing
that wasn't sad about that situation
ready watch this especially to your life
oh yes I love this song I didn't know
that this is what the song was small
MIDI
yeah man trust me if you credit RNG code
so you guaranteed to get more random
crits like what's this we're gonna pray
to the RNG goats right now
okay we're praying I'm praying in my
mind and what random crit just like that
it's crazy it's like you can't even you
can't explain it it is just it is is a
intangible force moving throughout the
tf2 universe it can't be seen it can't
be touched but it is ever-present and it
is beautiful see crit kill them with a
crit
it's like yeah it's not even a contest
at the and really this is kind of like
this guy doesn't even know that we're
going to get an RNG crit like that see
195 damage what can you do you can't do
anything this is guaranteed it's
unavoidable see that 195 crit what can
you do it's unavoidable why do you even
try you may as well just surrender now
like this one 95 crit what are you gonna
do we pray to the rng gods so the back
story behind this clip is that someone
in Schad basically said they wouldn't
donate a dollar for every head shot kill
I managed to yet in the next life as
sniper let's see how that goes hey I
don't for every headshot kill again
you're not gonna have the page yes
okay this is the next slide if I get
backstabs I'm actually gonna cry
medics you need to do nothing but heal
me someone's giving me a dollar for
every headshot killed
listen can we go again hey guys hope you
enjoyed that we're also gonna be giving
away a bud on stream tonight so if you
guys want to drop by and have your
chance to be a part of that come say hi
the link to the twitch is both on the
screen and in the description so I hope
to see a couple of you guys there bye